Refine 'scopes' naming conventions (#327)
ChainAgnostic/CAIPs: CAIPs/caip-217.md

Where:

- {`scopeString`} (conditional) = EITHER a namespace identifier string registered in the CASA [namespaces][] registry to authorize multiple chains with identical properties OR a single, valid [CAIP-2][] identifier, i.e., a specific `chain_id` within a namespace.
- `references` (conditional), formerly `chains` = An array of 0 or more references - a resolution to a specific blockchain for the `namespace` specified as the `scopeString`. For each entry in `references`, all the other properties of the `scopeObject` apply, but in some cases, such as when members of `accounts` are specific to 1 or more chains in `references`, they may be ignored or filtered where inapplicable; namespace-specific rules for organizing or interpreting properties in multi-scope MAY be specified in a [namespace-specific profile][namespaces] of this specification.
  - This property MUST NOT be present if the object is already scoped to a single `chainId` by the `scopeString` value above.
  - This property MUST NOT be present if the scope is an entire [namespace][namespaces] in which no `references` are defined or no [CAIP-2] profile has been published.

>   - This property SHOULD be present if the scope is an entire [namespace][namespaces] in which `chainId`s are defined. An empty `references` array MUST NOT be interpreted as authorizing an entire namespace in which a finite list of [CAIP-2] value could be set, but rather, as applying equal to zero members of that finite list until 1 or more of them are added to `references`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This property SHOULD be present if the scope is an entire [namespace][namespaces] in which `chainId`s are defined. An empty `references` array MUST NOT be interpreted as authorizing an entire namespace in which a finite list of [CAIP-2] values could be set, but rather, as applying equally to zero members of that finite list until 1 or more of them are added to `references`.
```

Reviewer: @hmalik88
